the intimate diary that my cousin born in holy faith
who lives in toronto
and says so
August 12
Today I finally moved to my new home in Toronto
what's happening here
what it says to the countryside
I can not wait to see the snow-covered hills
left behind the heat the humidity
and the mosquitoes
this is life
October 14th
the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life
the colors of the rough
walk through the woods
this morning of a deer
what a beautiful animal looks like its horns like a crown this is undoubtedly the king of
forest
Canada is paradise
think that suffering so many years in that hell that is
Santa Fe
December 2
last night
what joys I woke up everything was covered in snow it looked like a card
postcard came out to palliate the snow and I was so happy that they rolled me over
she
then we play a snowball war with the neighbors
How nice it is to live here
the motor grader happened to clear the street and I had to turn off the avendaño oscar
How happy are you?
December 22th
it snowed again last night
When I finished hitting the motor grader again
and again fronts in front of house filled all of dirty snow
I'm a little tired to shovel snow
hollande my cousin santa faith and went with the family to the spa of guadeloupe
December 25th
Merry Christmas
here does not stop falling that white shit
my hands are full of calcium because of the loss
I think the cuckold of the motor grader
he watches me and as soon as it's over he comes back and fills me with snow all over again
I shit on the motor grader
and in it but what was managed
December 31st
the fat newsman was wrong again
instead of 30 centimeters fell 98 holiness here there is no way to celebrate the
new year nobody can leave their house for the fucking shit I'm tired and I
I feel very lonely
I used to call my cousin and the fag did not want to make me better
they painted the pool the month of June surely the caves tree lesson
in the backyard
and here I can not poke my nose
February 20th
today I went out to go to the supermarket
on the way he was granted a fucking deer and trying to knock him down
I ate a tree markets at that point animals aspca the side arrangement that
is going to come out a fight and a half
I am convinced that God wanted them to carry it to an appraisers
They should have killed him until now
March 2
yesterday I slipped I got him and I broke a prawn after the son of a bitch of the
motor grader
happened again and I have no idea they also took away I want to sell the house for
be able to fuck off
April 23
I already took the 60th mechanic and said that the arrangement of the car will come out
the double because it has almost rotten
for the arsenal they use to remove the snow left
I shit on the fear aussie
the mechanic and the whole population of toronto
15 th of May
today they finally sold him a horny Canadian earn the truth
Who comes to live on this grill line and lonely
tomorrow I return for holy faith I do not see the time to arrive to be able to enjoy
moisture, heat and mosquitoes
as soon as I arrived I'm going to eat a roasted old willow and then logically at
pulpit on my cousin's
it is so in your life